Ace, the Creator
OF
Hodgy Beats (Drop it)

We come through throbbing like thunder storms
Make their feets get wet and funky up in they under arms
I'm too explosive for your ears like I'm throwing bombs
With the exclusive on the channel, bitch I know it's on
Niggas get mad like cheerleaders, they throw they pom-poms
Suck a dick, eat salaam getting they nails done in salons
Hodgy Beats is like lip balm
If you talk shit, I'll make you cry and tell your big moms
I got nice hands, niggas eat out my big palms
Haters must be starving nowadays, I make California Vietnam
And I'm going to embalm my creativity
Into a CD-ROM, so you can feel this shit I'm on
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow niggas (Bring the keys, yeah!)
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow bitches (Bring the keys, oh my God!)
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, nigga, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow niggas (Could you bring the keys? Yeah!)
Slow it down, slow it down (Turn it up, nigga, where's the bass?)
Slow it down (Drop the drums)

Pink chinchilla, something like Thriller
My t-shirts are bathing, a bathing gorilla
You niggas all hype like you drink a cup of Splenda
But I ate the whole plate like a fat bitch dinner
I'm never the winner, always the loser
I don't choose to win, but I will choose her
Her kitty-cat fish loves his tuna
I never use a fork, I always spoon her
Go nuts, instrumental flow much
European model white bitch is eating donuts
Fuck you faggots, I'm with a fat bitch
Making shit come like I'm Go-Go Gadget
I'm mental, it's instrumental
Make your bitches' therapist ask for dental records
And I hope this record have you stabbing niggas with colored pencils
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow niggas (Bring the keys, yeah!)
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow bitches (Bring the keys, oh my God!)
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, nigga, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow niggas (Could you bring the keys? Yeah!)
Slow it down, slow it down (Turn it up, nigga, where's the bass?)
Slow it down (Drop the drums)

Yo, bubble gum that Reese's Pieces
You fail at life, I'll mug your teachers
I've got Muslims calling on Jesus
I fucked Kelly, where is Regis?
Found Alicia, now she keyless
Cold as ice, and now I'm creamless
Murdered every bod from my squad
So technically, now I'm teamless
O.F. is so prestigious, yeah

Um, it's not that hard but
Well, for me it's not
OFM, bangin' on your FM
Ace, The Creator
Hodgy Beats
OF, yes