Said I'm a fuckin' monster, a massive attack, I haunt ya
I mastered the rap, then fucked up the monitors, mastered that
After that, I went for thermometers, popped 'em all, then popped in the
Jaw of Tracy Veronica, holla back, they promised us
No pajamas, insomnia, will attack, I attack like piranha does
Hit your block like a comet- blah! And you all know what time it is
2012, mark your calendars, calisthenics and silencers
Exercisin' that trigger strap, rock with us, Metallica
Competition no talent, hmm, in the jungle, what's wild enough?
Just might stumble upon a pack of lions
No lyin', my soldiers dyin', this is Iraq, alliances
Lining with stars and bars of a prison rep, my science a-
-pplyin' pressure, her stretcher is needed, pay the proceeds
Or you live in debt, y'all soft as a giga-pet, you niggas can't see me
Unless you watchin' the TV or ultra huggin' my silhouette
My flow got the ceiling wet, I spit 'til I feel my breath
Who sinkin' my fuckin' chest? She fuckin' the fuckin' best
Mean my dick is the dick of death, mean I'm killin that pussy
Like Spike whenever that Jerry slept
Yeah, Dre
Me and Andre the Giant, 6'7 and climbin'
Whether you storm to your climate, whether you're beat makin' or rhyming
Bumpin some Phyllis Hyman, hand full of diamonds like Jay fans
On a island with Ray Bans, glasses palmin' asses
That probably came wit' a great tan, hehe
I be the motherfuckin' mecca of this hub city spectrum
Where they at? I will dissect them like a fucking frog's rectum
Why you wreckin' with irreputable? My worst flow incredible
They probably call the federal after I slaughter several
Etcetera, etcetera, Bentley passin' up Celicas
They tellin' us about shit, HiiiPoWeR in your mouth, bitch
And Top Dawg can vouch, bitch, nigga, what you 'bout?
About face with army outfits, the general's here
That mean the hustlers and the criminals here
Penitence reachin' pinnacles of life and despair
And me I solemnly swear to handle mine like a Taliban and die for it
Only difference is I ain't never askin' Allah for it
Only difference is I be spazzin' and still a proud poet
Put me in a category, I don't know what's a sadder story
Guts and glory, your pain bore me you ain't really lived it
I take you to a block where they crippin'
Or Piru that 5'2 gun bigger than the torso of Pippen
Bitch, I been doin' it
Before you niggas ruined it, show me somethin' different
You either kissin' dick or givin' me distance
You live in a district of dimebags and dummies, I know your statistics
Who your boss? He more like my assistant
Get lost, have a egg and a biscuit
Break fast when we aimin' them biscuits
Pay cash when your chain come up missin'
Q! Q!
Ah!
Double up, shit, what the fuck?
Get me some my promo poppin', setbacks droppin', soon they watchin'
I just lock and load explode, target flowed, I'm somewhere blowed
Marriotts and Swisher Sweets, L.A. nigga pro'bly east
Cheerin' for the ragin' beats, X O henny scrape the keif
Bangin C, I'm bangin', B, put them niggas next to me
Stop and focus, get the lead, I'm here now, let the hardest speak
Ya all them dudes got ovaries, period, run on sentence
Still I'm ventin', air conditionin', coolest breezes, ill diseases
Grip my penis, shoot my semen, still I'm comin', miles a runnin'
I was learnin' gettin' knowledge, head is throbbin', she's a goblin
We be mobbin' over bitches, stick and miss and she the business
Get a witness, pussy frenchin', just a mission
Poppin' off like on a mission, proposition, gettin' money, drop a nigga
Rush a nigga, stomp a nigga, crush a nigga, dust a nigga
Copperhead gon' thrust a nigga, heatin' up the winter, nigga
Somethin' to remember, nigga, hella sick, I got a spit
Curse with a verse like God told me kill the shit
Load the clip Heckler & Koch, the hoover king
Bada bing by the ding a ling, natural hoover
Fing ring with a vision clearin' it with Visine, asian from Beijing
Money make her cum, she cream- feed the weak, that's Wing Stop
At the start with rain drops, autobot
Space shuttle shittin' on your car lots- boy, stop!
Could at least got a saturn, huh? HiiiPoWer see our patent, huh?
Workin' on tracks like we never been free, 22 squezze niggas shootin' off C’s
Please thought a nigga shot 16’s
Rhyme sixteens- bada bing, bing, bing, bing.... bing
If you want to be from HiiiPoWeR
Please come to friend zone
But don't wowwy
You will not suck on my dick tonight