Yo

They try to say Kanye West
Was out here wildin' like, uh, Delonte West
But these new verses sounding like André’s best
But he couldn't ever quite seem to get quite André fresh
Three stacks, stacks on my known thumb when you be back
I don't need something, need the feedback
Let’s follow up, let's follow up
Got something, call some', call 'em up
Got something, something, call 'em up
And I call something, ball 'em up
All the way to Baltimore, all the 
And they in the auto mall, whole summer long
And you stay like a Audemar
Sun Tzu, it's the art of war
Head's down, it’s a war, what they calling for then, huh?
No stones, what you balling for then, huh?
Stone, stone what you running for then, huh?
This here what they really want, then, huh?
Someone wanna way I get it, uh, uh, nah, nah
Nah, nigga, nah, fuck that, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Nah, nigga, nigga, what’s that?
 club back, nigga, cut back
Ohh, is that what it looked at?
Like your made them when you on your way to work
And the boss said, "Uh, we makin' cut backs"
Nigga, bust that, nah, hit club like where the sluts at?
Uhh, hit the club holdin’ my nutsack, ugh
Yeah, kinda want it, hit it, but I couldn't nut that
Talk about it,  tryna get a nut at
 I dunno how he cut that, that cut back
Hold on now,  when I told you, hey
Front line , I wouldn't wanna be a soldier
Pray hard, stay hard, way hard
Eight times in a row, pace times in a boat
Pay fine in the low, pay fives to the dough
Lost, lawsuit city, baby, egh
All coupe me, baby, I'm Frank Nitti, baby
Man, Wayne with me, baby, uh
Said he ain’t with me, baby, uh
Runnin' from my , what do you expect though?
 Hector,  lettin' that go for the respect though
Nah, nah, nigga, ain't tryna play that
Said it would, where 'Ye at? Sendin'  with the 'ye back
Sellin' on the day , stomp on it, then he did it way back
And I ain't never, no, never, never change that
Got it where the  at, got it with the  at
I got it  with your name at, we the one who laid that
He ain't really mean that,  where your team at?
Got 'em where you  at, nigga, I seen that
 where the  at?
Came back stuntin', pullin' dirt like a fiend at
, I
 like ninas, why?
That's why, that's right, that's right, ayy
That's right, that's right, that's right
That's right, nigga, that's right, uh, that's right
That ain't no, just like, uh, just like, that, that's right
Stop it, uh, stop it, I might cop it
Put it, did it, I might did it
Did it, shit it, I might hit it
Send it, done it, if you with it
Throwin' back , huh
Send it, puttin' centrefold, they ain't said nothin'
Ain't better my name, fuckin' on a bitch
They ain't have a bellybutton, put it in her bellybutton
You know where they at now, somebody, uh
Man, you picture this, when you look at sports in 
You got this, just, you would reminisce
This bitch, this bitch, this bitch, this bitch
Ain't lyin' on my dick, 
 on some other shit, uh
Supernova shit, four-leaf clover shit
I don't believe in luck, I'm blessed
I know  up, I'm 
Freestyle goin' too long, I don't feel like listenin' to it back
Freestyle goin' too long, I don't feel like listenin' to it back
Take this shit right to another track
 where you feelin' at?
Same place that your baby-mother at
Same whip that your baby-mother got
I'm on  with another rack
 had another plaque, fuck it all though
(Stop it)

They try to say Kanye West
Was out here wildin' like, uh, Delonte West
But these new verses sounding like Andre's best
But he couldn't ever quite seem to get quite Andre fresh
Three stacks, stacks on my known thumb when you be back
I don't need something, need the feedback
Let's follow up, let's follow up
Got something, call some', call 'em up
Got something, something, call 'em up
And I call something, ball 'em up
All the way to Baltimore, all the 
And they in the auto mall, whole summer long
And you stay like a Audemar
Head's down, it's the art of war
Head's down, it's a war, what they calling for then, huh?