'Ye, ’Ye, 'Ye, 'Ye, ’Ye
'Ye, 'Ye, 'Ye, 'Ye, 'Ye
Let me mask up America
Kill the country, spark a blunt, make it spiritual
Let me mask up America
Kill the country, spark a blunt, make it spiritual
Let me mask up America
Kill the country, spark a blunt, make it spiritual
Why did Kanye say that? What is Kanye thinkin'?
What is Kanye drinkin', man?
Why did Kanye say that? What is Kanye thinkin’?
What is Kanye drinkin’, man?
At this point, I just wondered if Mr. West understands that
We're questioning his credibility, we-we just don’t understand
This beat make me wanna see a big booty bitch
Have sex, throw it on her like it dootie shit
Hide up on somethin' stunnah for a week out this shit
But I come suck a titty, just a freak out the shit
Let me see you turn around, let me see you decorate
Let me see you stack it down, got somethin', back it down
On some, on a star, let me see you take it all
Life is so, runnin' far like a funny man and all
You a star, you a fly, you a boss, you a boss
Let it down, put it down, no trippin’ like LeBron
Don't treat me like a John, nah-nah, don't treat me like no John
No, don't treat me like no John
Don't you treat me like the Don, y'all dealin' with Yan
Yeah, yeah (Dhi-Dhi-Dhi), y'all remember Yan?
That's the slumber sleepy gang, bi-Bitch don't make me yawn
Dealin' with a pawn, dealin' with a pawn, everything's calm
Yawn, don't treat me like no John
Where the fuck you been? (Bi-bi-bitch) How the fuck you been?
I just fucked your friend, I got fucked with wind
Somethin's on the bend, goin' for the win
Yeah, I'm goin' in, know a new move
Somethin's comin' too soon, no, got nothin' to prove
I'm not comin' too soon, I just got it to move
Pass on the two vroom, somethin's comin' too rude
Ay, ay, ay, ay, okay, hit your stomach
Take one leg on the stomach, bite the stomach
Stretch one leg down, put the other one, touch your knees
'Till your titty gotta stomp, keep on stuntin' if you with me
I'm a going real deep, real-real deep
With a bomb, get some real sleep, get some real sleep, uh
Or sleep real deep, hit her real deep
Should have thought, bitch, you been asleep for about a week
Wake your ass, take about another hour of dick
I know foul stuff, don't believe me, karma coming quick
Know they stuntin' now, and we got 'em sellin' out the flick
And she only think steady, tell that bitch to come equipped
Know what's good, and I just told you to come with us, uh
You brought some friends, ooh yeah you came equipped, uh
Gonna stomp on 'em, 'Ye you came equipped, huh?
She say she ready go, why she always trippin'?