Seems such a waste of time
If that's what it's all about
Mama if that's movin' up then I'm—
(Alright you niggas, al-alright)
(Alright you niggas, al-alright)
(Alright you niggas, al-alright)
(Alright you niggas, al-alright)

I never liked you niggas
Who knew, one day, I'd be just like you niggas?
Ugh-ugh-ugh, all right, you niggas
Ugh-ugh-ugh, all right, you niggas
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
He walked in our lives; I was only five
Superman pajamas, I was super-duper fly
Sitting there like, "Wow," he at least hooper size
You know I scrutinize, like, "Who this newer guy?"
I'm my mama boyfriend, I'm her little husband
I was the man of the house when it wasn't
Tryna get to know me, homie? Just kill the charm
You ain't interested in me, you just tryna fuck my mom
We are the voices of our parents' bad choices
The aftermath of divorces, the kids of bitter split-ups
And babysitters, grandparents that don't know what do to with us
And the last thing I want to see is Mama's new nigga
You ol' Old Spice-wearing, short chain-wearing
Dress shoes and jogging pants-wearing, church sock-wearing
When you first stop caring about your appearance?
When you get here anyway? I already got parents
Don't try to put me in line, I already got crayons
My mama said I could do it, I already got clearance
Keep your hands off my mama, how Anita got Clarence
Yeah, I know she look good, but you need to stop staring
I drew a picture of her that'd make her proud
But the door was locked, and the TV up so loud
I scream out, "I ain't going to sleep no time soon!
And when I do, I'm sleeping in my mama room!"
"I don't like you, nigga
If I was old enough, I'd fight you, nigga
I want to run over you with my bike, you nigga
Don't go to sleep at night, you nigga"
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
When I become my mama's boyfriends?

Twenty years later: Where has the time gone?
Now, a nigga dating, having problems of his own
And now, a nigga grown, and the tables turned around
I never thought I ever raise another nigga's child
He don't like his mama boyfriend, just like me
Don't wanna do the wrong thing, that's very un-Spike Lee
But he be like Deebo 'round his mama 'nem
'Cause when she here, he be quiet
When she leave, he be talking again
He be wilding again—be calm
I don't drink the drama or sip the Dom Tyler Perry-on
"You gon' marry my mom?"
"Look, I don't read palms, and I don't read Psalms"
But I did take lil' man to church, took lil' man to school
"Look, lil' man: Kids don't make the rules
Even though I ain't raise you, and you your mama angel
Don't get it twisted, baby boy—I'll Ving Rhames you"
I never liked you niggas
Who knew, one day, I'd be just like you niggas?
Ugh-ugh-ugh, all right, you niggas
Ugh-ugh-ugh, all right, you niggas
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
When I become my mama's boyfriends?