Yo, it's Kanye To The
I did this beat in '96 and ah...

Is it the because my beats the nicest?
Got me chargin' niggas Dr. Evil prices ("One billion dollars...")
Niggas will sell their soul to go platinum and gold
I'm cold 'cause I got the gold and kept my soul
Drop an album full of soul, sold twelve times gold
That's six-plat, man, that's a sick plaque (Do the math)
Man, don't forget that, that at the top is where you feel the loneliness
Like grabbin' fake titties, I swear, I feel the phoniest
'Cause I'm from a city where you never know who your homies is
'Cause everybody want your spot—No I.D. told me this
Oh, I seen homies get sheisty on me quick
Woooooo! Just imagine if I only spit
But I do beats, too, that's the American dream
Stack to make sure my shawties inherit some things
A couple real estate investments
Got niggas sayin', "There's the Kennedys!"
But oh, yes, it's the Westses
Brand new Roc-A-Fella, most fresh-to-death is...
Definitely Kanye, peace to Sportie LA (Okay, yeah, ugh)
That keep my shoe game early like the grave shift (Uh-huh)
Plus keep my closet cooped up like a slave ship (Woo!)
How you gon' look at me and say I ain't made shit?
Just look at my outfit, I got all the basics (Look)
Air Force, check! Rolex, check!
Call Gee and Hop, did you get the check? (Fifty thousand)
Roc-a-Fella piece, check, don't forget the neck
Is it the money on deck that keeps on the honeys on the dick?
Now, that ain't really rhyme, but I ain't really tryin'
(I don't give a fuck, nigga)
Last 9/11, I was poor on the Ave
'Til I pluraled my math, now it's Porsche 911
And I'm floorin' the gas, got a lot of problems
Money's one that I not have
Date ballplayers' wives, that divorced and got half, shiiiiiit (Oooh! Haha)
I figure they deserve somethin' for all them hours
And that be the realest shit that I never wrote
(Really spoke something on that shit)
Only book I ever read I could have wrote—48 Laws Of Power (What!)
Me, Gee and Hop, uh-huh, the game's ours (What!)
Seems like I got more brain off my fake chain
Than my real one, 'cause on the real, son
If a girl think you broke, she just wanna fuck and smoke
If you paid, then she's thinkin' bout her children, feel him? (True)
Prolly not though, unless you got dough, you know what I mean?
You will think the grass greener when you finally get green
I told Regina, "You ain't been in a Medina" (Quit lying)
Yeah, I seen you grabbin' on my balls like Serena (Uh-huh)
Yeah, y'all the invisible ho, you ain't never seen her
Mhm, she must stay around your grandma crib
Right next door to where the in-laws live
I brought a man from the fifth floor all in y'all crib
Haha
Remember niggas back at school
They didn't have no girl at school
So they be like, "I got a girl, she just stay by my grandma's crib" Hahaha
Yo, Dame, where the fuck you find me? Hahaha