I never was the kind of girl that's
Naturally sure when it comes to love, oh no
Hello, i was insecure. *fix hair*
Bonjour !
But when it comes to you and me
I can't deny this feeling inside, oh no
--
Oh !

I'm seeing all the signs from above
I'm gonna be the one that he loves
I was made for loving him
The Fashion of His Love ! *spin*
Oh, yeah !
I'm gonna be his first and last kc! *grab pic*
'Cause bcby, I was born to be his!
I was made for lcving him!
The Fashion of His Love
I hope you don't mind cause I gonna say in French tonight, just to remember few things. that's okay ? *shows*
I was made for loving him, ooh yeah !
-just dance-
Je me souviens le premiere fois, that I heard just dance on the radio. *grab coat*
The first time when I wrote it change my life, lets go !

Gaga

I've had a little bit too much, much
All of the people start to rush
A dizzy twister dance, can't find my drink or man
Where are my keys, i lost my phone, phone

What's going on on the floor?
I love this record, baby, but I can't see straight anymore
Keep it cool, what's the name of this club?
I can't remember, but it's alright, alright!

Just dance
Gonna be okay
Da-da-doo-doot-n, just dance !
Spin that record, bcbe!
Da-da-doo-doot-n, just dance
Gonna be okay
Da-da-da-dance, dance, dance!
Just j-j-just dance
Oh I'm upstairs ! *smiles*
Wish I could shut my plcybcy mouth, bye boys
How'd I turn my shirt inside out? *spin*
Control your poison, bcbe
Roses have thorns, they say!
And we're all gettin' hosed tonight *spear coat*

What's going on on the floor?
I love this record, baby, but I can't see straight anymore
Keep it cool, hey thanks *grab keytar* LETS GO !

Just dance
Gonna be okay!
Da-da-doo-doot-n, just dance
Spin that record, babe
Da-da-doo-doot-n, just dance
Gonna be okay
Da-da-da-dance, dance, dance
Just j-j-just dance
*spear skirt, hat*
-Love Game-
*sit, poses*

I wanna you
But if I do, then I might miss you, bcbe
It's complicated and stupid
Got my squeezed by scxy Cupid
Guess he wants to play, wants to play a lovegame, a lovegame

Hold me and lcve me
Just wanna you for a minute
Maybe three seconds is enough for my heart to quit it
Let's have some fun, this beat is sick
*smokes*

Let's play a lovegame, play a lovegame
Do you want love, or you want fame?
Are you in the game?
Dans, the lovegame
Let's play a lovegame, play a lovegame
Do you want love, or you want fame?
Are you in the game?
Dans, the lovegame

I can see you staring there from across the block
With a smile on your mouth and your hand on your
The story of us, it always starts the same
With a boy and a girl and a, and a game
Bonjour mes petits, i know its hot, tres chaud, very uh, crowded, so get your p* up and JUMP! *jumps* EVERYBODY !
-Telephone-
Merci !
Bonjour mes amis ! And bienvenue, welcome to the Born This Way Ball !
Is this your underwear ? *smell*
Before, before we continue tonight, I just want to say. Merci *grab*
I want to thank you France, I know, I know that you want part for your money, I know you bless everyday and, I want you to thank you for myself, my dancers, musiciens, productions, audio, video I want to say thank you, merci buying a ticket for to see the show
I am so sorry, my French really sucks, but its not bad right ? parler assez bien
I just want to take this moment to communicate with you as I can, I have 2 hours, there is 13,169 peoples im a lucky b. tonight
So, thank you, this is a party. I don't, Yes, so beautiful, this is not a funeral if it was, it would be my funeral wich mean dancing, drinking, I don't give a s. it you have work tomorrow
Remember, you can always call me, im the just the telephone call away

Hello, hello?
Baby, you called, I can't hear a thing
I have got no service in the club, you say, say?
Wha-wha-what did you say, huh?
You're breaking up on me *point*
Sorry, I cannot hear you, La France est busy
K-kind of busy, k-kind of busy
Sorry, I cannot hear you, I'm kind of busy

Just a second, it's my favorite song they're gonna play
And I cannot text you with a drink in my hand, eh
You should've made some plans with me
You knew that I was free
And now you won't stop calling me, Cmon hands up !

Stop calling, stop calling, I don't wanna think anymore
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor
Stop calling, stop calling, I don't wanna talk anymore
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor

Stop telephoning me!
I'm busy!
Stop telephoning me!

Can call all you want but there's no one home
And you're not gonna reach my telephone
'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sipping that bubb
And you're not gonna reach my telephone
Can call all you want but there's no one home
And you're not gonna reach my telephone
C'mon for Beyonce !

It's not that I don't like you, I'm just at a party
And I am sick and tired of my phone r-ringing

Stop calling, stop calling, I don't wanna think anymore
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor
Stop calling, stop calling, I don't wanna talk anymore
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor
-
Stop calling, stop calling, I don't wanna think anymore
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor
Stop calling, stop calling, I don't wanna talk anymore
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor